Yang et al. 10.3389/fnins.2024.1340164
Frontiers in Neuroscience 09 frontiersin.org
and the sampling rate for all subjects was 256 Hz. There were variations 
in the data, including the number of seizure events and data length. 
For seizure prediction task, it is essential to consider the Seizure 
Prediction Horizon (SPH) and the Preictal Interval Length (PIL) 
during the data preprocessing stage (Y ang and Sawan, 2020; Wang 
et al., 2021 ). The SPH denotes the time interval between the onset of 
a seizure and the preictal phase, while the PIL quantifies the duration 
of the preictal state. In the case of the two iEEG datasets, we configured 
the SPH and PIL to be 5 min and 1 h, respectively. Conversely, for the 
CHB-MIT EEG dataset, these values were set to 5 and 30 min, 
respectively. In accordance with the specified SPH and PIL parameters, 
the training data is segregated into preictal and interictal samples. To 
address the data imbalance between these two sample types, preictal 
samples are extracted with 5-s overlaps, while interictal samples are 
extracted without any overlaps.
Following the use of the proposed method in Section 2, we can 
obtain a baseline model and quantize the model to 8-bit quantization 
or binary models. The CNN model obtained with CHB-MIT dataset 
is shown in Figure 10 . The architecture comprises five convolutional 
blocks, each consisting of a convolutional layer followed by a pooling 
layer. A ReLU activation function is applied after the convolution. 
The output is generated using a global average pooling layer, followed 
by a dense layer applying the Softmax function. The dimensions of 
the convolution and pooling for each layer are also depicted in 
Figure 10 .
Due to the difference between sampling rate and number of 
channels, the network architecture can vary based on different dataset. 
Throughout the training process, we employ the leave-one-out cross-
validation method to mitigate the risk of potential overfitting and 
helps ensure the robustness of our model s performance. Critical 
metrics, including sensitivity, false alarm rate, model size is presented 
in Table  1. Our 8-bit quantization model achieved overall better 
performance when compared with previous reported top-performing 
models in different datasets. The 8-bit model can outperform other 
models in both sensitivity and false alarm rate. Although the binary 
model may not achieve a low false alarm rate comparable to other 
models, it significantly reduces computational and memory demands.
4.2 Chip implementation and performance
Figure  11A  illustrates the prototype system designed for 
evaluating the proposed processor. The test system consists of several 
essential components, including an oscilloscope, power supply, a 
testing printed circuit board (PCB) that links the FPGA to the chip, 
and a real-time graphical user interface (GUI) on a desktop computer 
FIGURE 9
Reconfigurable details of PE, (A) intra-PE connection in BNN configuration (B) intra-PE connection in CNN configuration.