Yang et al. 10.3389/fnins.2024.1340164
Frontiers in Neuroscience 08 frontiersin.org
to the intra-PE logic. If the computation involves a partial convolution 
operation, the outcome is forwarded to the next connected 
PE. However, if it s a complete convolution operation, the final result 
is achieved by applying the sign activation function and the max 
pooling module within the intra-PE logic.
During the CNN mode, multipliers are fetched from the data 
memory and stored in the registers of the intra-PE logic. These 
multipliers serve the purpose of encoding the multiplicand using 
Booth control logic. The encoded Booth products are then directed 
to the respective CU. Depending on if the output is partial sum or 
final results, the finial CU will direct the data to the next PE for 
further accumulation or necessitates the execution of the Rectified 
Linear Unit (ReLU) activation function and the max pooling 
operation by the respective modules. The data sent to the data 
memory needs to be quantized to 8-bits. The quantization process is 
managed by the quantizer module, and its configuration is 
determined by the immediate instructions decoded by the 
top controller.
4 Experiments and evaluation results
Evaluations of this study are conducted in terms of model 
classification accuracy, false alarm rate and chip power consumption. 
Experimental setup including graphic user interface (GUI), PCB and 
FPGA test board are designed to facilitate the testing of the proposed 
algorithm and the chip.
4.1 Closed-loop control performance 
evaluation
This paper employs three datasets to assess the performance of the 
proposed model: the American Epilepsy Society Seizure Prediction 
Challenge (AES) intracranial electroencephalogram (iEEG) dataset 
(Brinkmann et  al., 2016 ), the Melbourne University iEEG dataset 
(Kuhlmann et al., 2018a ), and the CHB-MIT electroencephalogram 
(EEG) dataset (Goldberger et al., 2000 ). The AES dataset comprises 
iEEG recordings collected from five dogs and two human subjects. 
The dog data was sampled at a rate of 400 Hz, with 16 electrodes used 
for four dogs and 15 electrodes for one dog (Dog5). The human 
subjects  iEEG data were sampled at 5,000 Hz, using 15 electrodes for 
one patient and 24 electrodes for the other patients. The Melbourne 
University dataset, accessible through the Melbourne-University 
AES-MathWorks-NIH Seizure Prediction Challenge, contains iEEG 
signals from three patients. Each patient had 16 electrodes implanted, 
and all measurements were sampled at a frequency of 400 Hz. The 
CHB-MIT dataset comprises EEG data from 22 patients, recorded 
over multiple days, resulting in a total of 637 recordings, including 163 
seizures. Most measurements were obtained using 23 fixed electrodes, 
FIGURE 8
Reconfigure PE to perform different operation, (A) PE configured to perform popcount operation, (B) PE configured to perform booth encoded 
multiplication.