--- page 1 ---
loop seizure prediction to showcase its effectiveness. Firstly, two neural network
--- page 2 ---
0.57/h false alarm rate in seizure prediction task (Hsieh et al., 2022 ).
--- page 3 ---
proposed method are validated with a real-time seizure prediction
there are a few to tens of channels, and each channel is sampling at the
--- page 4 ---
quantization techniques in the context of epileptic seizure prediction
--- page 5 ---
predicting disease biomarkers are only effective for a brief window of
episodes being of short duration, often just seconds or minutes. In the
case of epilepsy patients, seizures represent merely 0.01% of their
--- page 8 ---
proposed model: the American Epilepsy Society Seizure Prediction
AES-MathWorks-NIH Seizure Prediction Challenge, contains iEEG
seizures. Most measurements were obtained using 23 fixed electrodes,
--- page 9 ---
and the sampling rate for all subjects was 256 Hz. There were variations
in the data, including the number of seizure events and data length.
For seizure prediction task, it is essential to consider the Seizure
Prediction Horizon (SPH) and the Preictal Interval Length (PIL)
a seizure and the preictal phase, while the PIL quantifies the duration
of the preictal state. In the case of the two iEEG datasets, we configured
the training data is segregated into preictal and interictal samples. To
address the data imbalance between these two sample types, preictal
samples are extracted with 5-s overlaps, while interictal samples are
Due to the difference between sampling rate and number of
--- page 10 ---
volts. During the seizure prediction task, power consumption
TABLE 1 Comparison with closed-loop control algorithms for seizure
--- page 11 ---
TABLE 2 Comparison with closed-loop control algorithms for seizure prediction.
Application Seizure prediction Seizure prediction Seizure detection Seizure detection
--- page 12 ---
(2016). Crowdsourcing reproducible seizure forecasting in human and canine epilepsy.
Bruno, E., Viana, P . F ., Sperling, M. R., and Richardson, M. P . (2020). Seizure detection
power and bidirectional data telemetry for real-time efficient human epileptic seizure
Daoud, H., and Bayoumi, M. A. (2019). Efficient epileptic seizure prediction based on
Brinkmann, B., et al.  Convolutional neural networks for epileptic seizure prediction  .
with adaptable intelligence for seizure prediction. IEEE J. Solid State Circuits  58,
processor with on-chip active learning for epileptic seizure control. IEEE J. Solid State
et al. (2018a). Epilepsyecosystem. Org: crowd-sourcing reproducible seizure prediction
Seizure prediction ready for a new era. Nat. Rev. Neurol. 14, 618 630. doi: 10.1038/
(2018). Convolutional neural networks for seizure prediction using intracranial and
Wang, G., Wang, D., Changwang, D., Li, K., Zhang, J., Liu, Z., et al. (2020). Seizure
refined seizure prediction algorithm based on an enhanced benchmarking. Sci. Rep. 11,
--- page 13 ---
Y ang, J., and Sawan, M. (2020). From seizure detection to smart and fully embedded
seizure prediction engine: a review. IEEE Trans Biomed Circuits Syst 14, 1008 1023. doi:
convolutional neural network for seizure prediction." In:  2020 IEEE International